# AI_for_Generating_Investor_Views_in_Black_Litterman_Portfolio_Optimization

Prior studies evaluate the outcomes of financial factors as features in AI models. We found that the average R-square of each rolling AI model with ROA, ROE, Equity ratio, Debt ratio, Revenue growth rate, Dividend payout ratio, and Depreciation rate as features is more than 60%, these results further support the idea of Alberg and Lipton (2017) who observing the price reflects the intrinsic value of the company. Another important finding was that combining daily frequency feature data and quarterly frequency feature data to forecast the daily stock price resulted in higher MAPE performances for all models. 
The results of this study indicate that portfolio developed by the BL_AI model, achieve better risk-adjusted performance than pure AI models, it seem to be consistent with Ozbayoglu, Gudelek, and Sezer (2020) research which found that hybrid models are more preferred over the native or standalone models in most studies. Another significant discovery was that all BL_AI series models yield better Sharpe ratio than benchmark series models. This result may be explained by 1/N portfolios with strict investment weight policies, which cannot be dynamically adjusted when the market environment changes. In the Markowitz portfolio, the investments are over concentrated, resulting in both high profitability and high volatility. In general, these findings indicate that the BL_AI series model attains higher levels of Sharpe ratio compared to other series models. The highest Sharpe ratio among the hybrid BL_AI series model is BL_LSTM, which supports evidence that the LSTM is a more effective prediction approach at modeling time series data.
A note of caution is due here since other features need to be considered in order to improve the model's accuracy. These findings also may be somewhat limited by using selected AI models to generate investor views. Further studies, which take these variables into account, will need to be undertaken.
